Episode 02: Shinra Company
Hey Rude, get along!
[Reno Turks (Special Unit of Shinra, Inc.) WORLD VII]
Quiet, Reno.
[Rude Turks Member (Special Unit of Shinra, Inc.) WORLD VII]
Are you rusty, or what? Lets' go !
Brrrrrrrrrrr I'm frozen! I have to dress more warmly!
[Snowball attack]
By the way,
The hair regrowth of Professor Hojo is very effective.
Thank you. Your scarf is very pretty, too.
Lets' go.
What? One again ?
Did you kill my brother?
Yeah, and it's your turn!
Then my brothers will avenge me!
But how much are you?
We are the siblings of the hundred snowmen of Mount Narshe!
We do not have time for you all. See you !
The book that Rufus wants is kept by the Snow Clan.
We have already seen the brothers of the family.
The babysitter should not be far away.
Who would have thought that the Forbidden Book of Elders would be here?
I have a bad feeling. Let's finish!
He will be safe here.
We should attack before his mother comes back. Let's go get this book!
Hold on !
I have an impression of déjà vu ...
Let's take a look in the official guide.
Hmm ...
You are right !
They say to pay attention to the special attack "Frost".
Fortunately I still have frost bracelets on me.
What do you want ?
[Princess Saphiria - Snow Clan - Mistress of Frost WORLD VII]
The Forbidden Book of Elders!
Do not touch it! It's far too dangerous!
Do you want this world to be destroyed?
If you refuse to give it to us of your own free will ...
We will take it by force!
Received: Key Element [Forbidden Book of Elders]!
Received: [Shiva] Mistress of Ice Cream!
Forgive me, Mother! I failed.
But I will not let them run away!
It was easier than I thought.
Wait a minute ... Do you hear that?
An avalanche !!!
He was less one.
No problem, we have the book!
We go back to Midgar!
[Shinra Manor Today]
[Rufus Shinra - President of Shinra Company - World's Most Powerful Man VII]
Shinra Mission Report Inc. - Elders' Book (/ Cetras) recovered.
- Meteor summoned by breaking the seal of the Book.
- Beginning of the construction of the Mako Cannon "Deus ex Machina" to destroy the meteor.
- Content of the Forbidden Book decrypted.
- Construction of a Dimensional Gate according to the instructions of the book.
- Discovery of World X. Compilation of data. Extraction of energy.
- Discovery of the "Al Bhed" people, with advanced technology.
- Cloud Strife eliminated, but Avalanche will exist until the last member (Tifa Lockheart) is eliminated.
- Engage assassination mission; prototype "warrior Jénova" 0.2 (Warrior of Light)
- Start and supervise the development of the "Jena Army".
- Discovery of Worlds VIII and IX. Preparation for energy extraction.
- Removal of "Al Bheds" to build other Dimensional Doors.
[To be continued…]